docs: fix test in making http requests (#870)
vuejs/vue-test-utils-next: docs/guide/advanced/http-requests.md

})
```

> Pay attention that we added prefix `mock` to the variable `mockPostList`. If not, we will get the error: "The module factory of jest.mock() is not allowed to reference any out-of-scope variables."
> Additional info is located here: https://jestjs.io/docs/es6-class-mocks#calling-jestmock-with-the-module-factory-parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pay attention that we added prefix `mock` to the variable `mockPostList`. If not, we will get the error: "The module factory of jest.mock() is not allowed to reference any out-of-scope variables.". This is jest-specific, and you can read more about this behavior [in their docs](https://jestjs.io/docs/es6-class-mocks#calling-jestmock-with-the-module-factory-parameter).
```
